[Connector API] Address docs feedback (#107774)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/connector/apis/list-connectors-api.asciidoc

[source,console]
----
GET _connector?from=0&size=2
----

> An example to list a connector associated with `search-google-drive` data index name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An example to list a connector associated with the `search-google-drive` Elasticsearch index:
```
